- [Instructor] Much of what we've seen
actually includes a little bit of synchronization.
Distributed data's eventual consistency,
and the migration model are prime examples.
I want to talk about it a bit more here however.
You may ask why would we need to synchronize data?
One use case is we have different databases.
Consider a runtime database in a data warehouse
for business intelligence reporting.
These databases need to stay in sync,
but the BI system doesn't need to be synchronous
in getting its data.
Another, and one that I have used
a lot with NoSQL databases,
is differing systems.
Because NoSQL indices tend to be a weak spot,
I've used synchronization to keep a search engine
in sync with the database itself so that I have a place
to execute complex queries as necessary.
While there are for sure many other use cases,
these are the two that I have most often used,
and really, the model is the same for all use cases.
A little bit of a warning here.
There's a lot of overhead in keeping data in sync.
We have to build the system to not only keep in sync,
but also ensure that it stays in sync.
Now as I present this model,
I'm going to do so in an overly simplified fashion.
I am leaving out components
because they at this point are redundant.
So we start with the source system,
which is usually a database.
We then introduce the destination system,
which may be another database, a search engine,
a cache, or anything else really.
Now we add our friend the message broker.
A trigger from the source system puts a message
on the broker via a producer.
A consumer picks up the message
and either reads it from source
or just processes the message depending on the completeness.
Some technologies work better with small messages.
So often, you will post an ID only
and allow the consumer to query the database
as we saw with the migration model.
It pushes the message to the destination,
usually via an API.
Now you aren't really done here as I mentioned before.
You need something to make sure
that all the data is indeed in sync.
Enter in the watcher.
Its purpose is to routinely evaluate data
in both systems to ensure that they are in sync.
For most cases, they will be, and they just simply know op,
but if it finds a discrepancy,
it needs to trust the source system or the original database
and push a message back through the producer
to update the destination.